### Summary

The `NodeType` enum within the `Amplifi` namespace defines different types of nodes that can exist within the Amplifi system. Here's an explanation of each enum value.

### Options

<table data-table-width="760" data-layout="default" data-local-id="7dea2fae-7afd-462d-bf9b-7ee1577014ef" class="confluenceTable"><colgroup><col style="width: 221.0px;"><col style="width: 538.0px;"></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong>Option</strong></p></th><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong>Definition</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Ambience</p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Nodes of this type are associated with ambient sounds or background audio in the Amplifi system. These nodes typically handle the playback and management of ambient audio content, such as environmental sounds or atmospheric effects.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Music</p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Nodes of this type are specifically designated for handling music-related audio content within the Amplifi system. These nodes are responsible for controlling the playback and behavior of background music or dynamic music tracks.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Snapshot</p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>This enum value indicates nodes that represent audio mixer snapshots. Audio mixer snapshots maintain a state of audio parameters and effects, allowing for quick and seamless transitions between different audio settings or environments.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>SFX</p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Nodes categorized as SFX (sound effects) are responsible for managing and playing short, transient audio clips or effects within the Amplifi system. These nodes handle the playback of various sound effects, such as footsteps, explosions, or UI sounds, adding depth and immersion to the audio experience.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>