### Table of Contents

<table data-table-width="760" data-layout="default" data-local-id="16e7b636-b60b-4690-aac4-bd84d1157cd5" class="confluenceTable"><colgroup><col style="width: 219.0px;"><col style="width: 536.0px;"></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong>Category</strong></p></th><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong>Summary</strong></p></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Amplifi_API/Amplifi-API_21594340.md" data-linked-resource-id="21594340" data-linked-resource-version="15" data-linked-resource-type="page">Amplifi API</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Learn how to programmatically leverage Amplifi.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Amplifi_Engine_Configuration/Amplifi-Engine-Configuration_30474242.md" data-linked-resource-id="30474242" data-linked-resource-version="6" data-linked-resource-type="page">Amplifi Engine</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Learn how to configure the Amplifi Engine.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Amplifi_Context_Configuration/Amplifi-Context-Configuration_29852062.md" data-linked-resource-id="29852062" data-linked-resource-version="3" data-linked-resource-type="page">Amplifi Context</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Learn how to leverage Amplifi Context objects to drive the behavior of your Audio Sources.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Amplifi_Node_Configuration/Amplifi-Node-Configuration_28573705.md" data-linked-resource-id="28573705" data-linked-resource-version="8" data-linked-resource-type="page">Amplifi Nodes</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Learn how to leverage Amplifi how it was designed to be used, without any code!</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Video_Tutorials/Video-Tutorials_29884437.md" data-linked-resource-id="29884437" data-linked-resource-version="4" data-linked-resource-type="page">Video Tutorials</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Prefer to learn from video tutorials? These videos got you covered.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="Package_Contents/Package-Contents_30179344.md" data-linked-resource-id="30179344" data-linked-resource-version="6" data-linked-resource-type="page">Package Contents</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>A listing of all contents this package contains.</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><a href="FAQ/FAQ_30146999.md" data-linked-resource-id="30146999" data-linked-resource-version="2" data-linked-resource-type="page">FAQ</a></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Check out some frequently asked questions regarding Amplifi.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

### Synopsis

Welcome to the Amplifi Documentation! Here, you'll find comprehensive information on how to harness the power of Amplifi, a versatile audio management tool designed for Unity projects. Amplifi empowers developers to finely control audio sources for ambience, sound effects (SFX), and music, while also providing robust support for Audio Mixer groups and snapshots. Amplifi equips you with the tools you need to deliver captivating audio experiences to your users.

### Make Audio Management a Thing of the Past!

At the core of Amplifi lies the AmplifiContext class, a ScriptableObject that drives the behavior of audio sources within your project. With AmplifiContext, you can effortlessly adjust various audio parameters, such as priority, pitch, volume, stereo panning, and spatial blending, to achieve the desired audio atmosphere. Whether you're crafting a serene ambience, an explosive sound effect, or a melodic musical backdrop, AmplifiContext provides the flexibility and control you need to tailor the audio experience to your project's unique requirements.

One of the standout features of Amplifi is its seamless integration with Unity's Audio Mixer system. With Amplifi, you can easily assign Audio Mixer groups to your audio sources, allowing for dynamic mixing and processing of audio signals. Additionally, Amplifi supports Audio Mixer snapshots, enabling you to transition between different audio settings on the fly, enhancing the immersive quality of your project's audio environment. Whether you need to adjust volume levels, apply effects, or implement dynamic audio changes, Amplifi's integration with Audio Mixer groups and snapshots makes it a powerful tool for audio management and manipulation.

Throughout this documentation, you'll find detailed guides, tutorials, and reference materials to help you make the most of Amplifi in your Unity projects. From getting started with basic setup and configuration to diving deep into advanced audio manipulation techniques, we're here to support you every step of the way. Let's embark on a journey to elevate your project's audio experience with Amplifi!